espada stinks extreme and innovative
unrivaled cutting-edge design passion
technology and quality espada the stick
for your game available from just hockey
and other selected sports outlets Espada
bha division 1 sponsors and we're
underway with their very first to spot a
division 1 game for 2014 and valleys
versus commercial bra finds for easy
treezy with numbers first over the over
the 25 beach one beats two tops of all
the circle opportunity for hall god or
good turns and shoots at goal nine
minutes in the first half and its
valleys with the first penalty corner
nice release Bayless as an opportunity
puts a ball why but it goes over the
back line 12 minutes into the first half
and its belly is looking to make a
better effort of this second penalty
corner release to baileys Bayless let's
go in the net beautiful completion by
bailiffs very simple execution of a
penalty corner well released well
trapped and bailiffs finishes it off
strike down the middle waist-high
bellies take the lead over commercial
one goal to nil with 22 minutes to go in
the first half at the 15-minute mark of
the first tap its commercial with their
first penalty corner for the afternoon
well trapped by brad feliz by Beal
deflection from whore good and the
umpires of what are the second penalty
corner inserting is being strapping as
draft bill releases straight down the
line good defense by by valleys but
after be 70 minutes to go in the first
half commercial with their third penalty
corner and Bill scores superbly for
commercial like the successful valleys
corner a straightforward and well
executed out to bill bill drives it wide
hard and low pass the keepers left foot
it's one all with 17 minutes to go in
the first half got opportunity favelas
here Cruz he finds crazy a shot at goal
goes wide had won 11 minutes ago in the
first half of commercial penalty corner
number four rooster just under eight
minutes to go in the first half in his
commercial penalty corner number five
and it's scored with a brilliant lay off
to buy hallgren again simplicity as the
order of the day with that commercial
penalty corner bill found a hall good
sliding in the back of the net
seven habits to go and commercially
bellies two girls two one three and a
half minutes to go commercial until he
called a number six in the first half
release beer let's fly well defended its
commercial went back to back corners in
the first half well released laid off to
Theresa Theresa let's fly well defended
by goalkeeper minus but it's another
penalty corner well trip by bruh flight
ops frizzy again trees egos and it's
late in by Spinks on the rebound that's
a good trap boats on brough lays it off
nicely to Joel true easy well saved by
the goalkeeper the first attempt but put
in the back of the net by Spinks which
extends commercials lead to 31 / bellies
as we go into halftime tribes in the
circle finds Hagen ha good guys left
guys right comes back his other side
shot at goal and Christians in my
himself breaks over the 25 he's got
numbers to write numbers the left but
goes down the middle of where all the
defense is but follows through and draws
a penalty corner just five minutes into
the second half and it's commercial with
you for short corner and it goes wide
well defended bacon out since that solar
circle boot busy looking to pull it back
for a corner and they shot a goal and it
is scored by Hall good is second for the
afternoon make it works the ball of the
circle pulls it back it's deflected and
haulin picks it up great opportunity to
nurse goal seven minutes into the second
half commercial go to a 4-1 lead right
steal by Carson ironworks involved in
the circle working the back line I see a
clustered for easy too easy not quite
able to control it shut achieve a
commercial come kristensen I was up the
shot a girl and well-defended on the
poster by valleys 3z drape all good all
good into the circle lot winds it up as
a shot at goal crazy released in the
right hand side weeks ball back in for a
burner burned a shot at goal and pipa
melrose up to the task
bayco either shot a girl winds it up and
scores great goal by and baker you'd
make it as all the lead-up work himself
before getting a shot at goal in scoring
commercials a fifth who lead belly's 12
minutes to go in the second half bill
now goes left goes right drives up on
the circle looking for deflection and
not able to find Matthew sphinxes stick
right opportunity of her valleys poking
through too cruzi cruzi beats the keeper
but doesn't keep control the ball brings
it back to Kruger and Kruger here
commercial the load opportunity to easy
work supporting deductible across and it
is a goal to ian baker great work by too
easy sin of the ball and well finished
and that's full time in the first as far
no game of the season commercial come
out victorious over bellies six goals to
one
you